Reading comprehension

Long long ago, a tortoise and a fox were great friends. 
The tortoise lived in a pond. 
The fox lived in a den on the banks of a river. They spent a lot of time talking to each other. 
They loved to tell each other stories.

The fox often went through a forest to a village nearby in search of food. 
He met many other animals in the forest. 
But he always kept away from the lion, the tiger, the leopard, and the wolf.

“They are very dangerous and cunning,” he told the tortoise. 
“They will grab me and eat me up if I go near one of them.” The tortoise knew this, too.

One day, the fox was telling the tortoise an interesting story. 
A leopard crept up slowly behind him. 
The fox did not see the leopard coming. But the tortoise saw him.

“Run, fox!’ she shouted and the fox turned and ran away. 
But the tortoise was not so lucky. 
The leopard grabbed her before she could jump back into the pond.

“Ah! I am going to have a fine meal today,” the leopard thought.

He tried to break the shell of the tortoise. 
But it was very hard. He bit it, put his paws on it, and scratched at it with his claws but he could not break it at all. 
Inside the shell, the tortoise was shivering with fear.

Just then, she heard her friend’s voice. “I can tell you how to 

get the tortoise out of her shell!” the fox shouted.

“How?” roared the angry leopard.

“Why don’t you throw her back into the water?” said the fox. 
“Her shell will soak in the water and become soft.
 Then you can break it open easily,” he said.

“You are right, said the leopard, “Thank you for the idea.”

He picked up the tortoise and threw her back in the water. 
The fox ran away. The tortoise sank to the bottom and did not come up for many days.

The next time the two friends met, they were very happy together. 
But they also told each other, “We must always be very careful in the forest.”


cunning-தந்திரமான
grab -திடீரென பிடி.
crept up slowly-மெதுவாக ஊர்ந்து 
 put his paws on it- அதன் மீது தன் பாதங்களை வை
 claws-நகங்கள்
 sank-மூழ்கியது